Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Previously on
Doom Patrol...
I believe
you can find people
who will love you
just as you are.
When did Kay Challis
become Jane?
You are one
of many personalities,
trapped within a single body.
Holy shit.
The Underground is vast.
What do you know
about the Underground?
Not a lot.
Maybe I can help you.
Sweet, sweet baby.
Please don't keep me waiting.
Come, join me!
Karen. She's by far
the worst of the 64.
Jane, are you in there?
Let go of me, you motherfucker!
Hey, Jane. Jane.
Sweet, sweet, baby Kay.
Come give Daddy a kiss.
I haven't finished
my puzzle yet.
Kay Olivia.
You know Daddy
doesn't like to wait.
Get off me!
Playtime's over, Karen.
You've had your fun.
♪ Oh, Polly, Pretty Polly
Come and go with me... ♪
Shut up.
♪ Oh, Polly, Pretty Polly
You guessed it just right ♪
I said shut up!
♪ I dug on your grave... ♪
- That's enough, Polly.
- She started it!
Fuck all you
do-nothing, hater bitches!
At least I found true love.
Where are you taking her?
You know.
Jane?
Jane. Hey, sweetheart.
Okay. Okay.
Why aren't you up there?
Why aren't you up there, Polly?
Someone needs
to be on the surface, Jane.
You're creating disharmony.
Dissonance.
Well, the position's open,
Lucy, have at it.
You can get us all on the same
wavelength you care so much about.
Jane, hon.
We all know
how this works here, right?
There are rules, right?
You're the primary, which means
you're the one on top.
Which keeps an equilibrium
down here in the Underground.
An equilibrium
that must be maintained.
Yeah, 'cause we're all besties.
Loved your friendship
bracelet, Secretary.
This a joke to you?
Just do your job.
The fuck you know
about my job, Polly?
When's the last time
you were up there?
Oh, that's right, never.
- Fuck you.
- Polly.
Jane,
each of us has a purpose.
A reason for being.
We just want you
to respect that.
I know.
The more things
remain out of balance,
the more all of us
are vulnerable.
Okay, I'll go up.
You look like shit.
I feel like shit.
You ever think about going
up to the surface?
Me? No.
I'm happy with my job.
You're lucky.
Can't say there
haven't been a few times
where I stared out
at the end of the line.
Stared at that light
and thought,
"What if?"
But, you know, it passes.
Everybody wants me there.
"It's your job.
We all have a purpose."
Like it's easy being up there,
like it's a cakewalk.
Shit's hard as fuck.
- And even then, it can't fix everything.
- I hear you.
- And what's the point, really?
- Who knows?
All I know is this train.
- You ever use that?
- Emergency brake?
Never had a reason to.
I run a pretty clean railroad.
What happens
if someone pulls it?
I would imagine
it would fuck up the train.
- Huh.
- Until I fixed it.
How long would that take?
How much time do you need?
Jane, are you listening?
We really, really, really,
need you to come out.
Didn't work
the first ten times you tried it,
but sure, why not?
At least I'm doing something.
I've never seen her
like this before.
Has anybody seen her
like this before?
This is all my fault, I never
should have pushed us into therapy.
Don't flatter yourself, Cliff,
therapy was the rat's idea.
Jane, sweetie,
blink if you can hear me.
Jesus, Rita,
will you give it a rest?
I'll do no such thing.
I can't believe
I lost Jane.
You didn't lose her.
She's not a pet.
Okay, now Larry hates me, too.
Of course, I deserve this.
This is good.
There's absolutely nothing wrong with her.
Her brain activity's off the
charts and yet... nothing.
Jane's in there,
somewhere.
So how do we
pull her out?
I don't know.
Part of me wishes that we could
just shrink ourselves,
Magic School Bus style,
and get inside her head.
What?
I'm just marveling at your embrace
of the weird and utterly impossible.
What?
What the hell's going on?
Okay.
Can someone tell me what the...
Hey! Hello? Uh...
Hey!
Jane?
Hello?
I'm not Jane.
What?
I'm Driver 8.
- Who are you?
- Cliff Steele.
I thought
you were a robot.
I was.
Well, I mean, I am.
I'm sorry... Are you
sure you're not Jane?
I'm not Jane.
Where am I?
The Underground.
I'm in the Under...
I'm in Jane's brain?
I'm in her head?
Bad news is...
it's off limits.
You're not supposed
to be here.
- How did you...
- Magic School Bus.
Um, the Negative Spirit
is touching my brain right now
as well as Jane's brain
at the same time
and... here I am.
I don't understand it either.
So, you're one
of the personalities?
I am. Some of us look
like Jane, some don't.
As you say, I don't
understand it all either.
Can you help me find Jane?
I'm here to bring her back.
Oh, I wouldn't know
where to look.
This is a big place
down here.
Lots of places to get lost.
And I don't leave the train.
You sure there isn't anybody
who could help?
Let me make some calls.
Jane?
What are you doing here?
Oh, d'you hear?
Someone pulled the emergency
brake on the train.
- You're kidding.
- Hardly.
The train's completely out
of commission.
No one can surface
until Driver 8 fixes it.
That's crazy.
You know, I've always assumed I was the
only one that knew about this memory.
Like it was my own
Secret Garden.
But I don't mind the company.
Not at all.
Rather like it, actually.
Whose memory is this?
I don't know. Never given
it a second thought.
I know this much...
It's my favorite place
in the Underground.
I always leave completely
chuffed without fail.
It doesn't bother you that you
don't know who this belongs to?
Memories belong to everyone.
That's how it works here.
Everyone knows that.
Some of the others are saying
you don't want to go back up.
Do you ever feel like you're
spiraling out of control?
When I get like that...
I come here.
And what happens when
that doesn't work anymore?
You're leaving?
Where are you going?
Jane?
To find answers.
Hey, shit-for-brains.
Hammerhead.
Yeah, Einstein.
I never thought that
I'd be happy to see you.
You're not supposed
to be here, Cliff.
I'm looking for Jane.
- Driver 8 said you'd help...
- Shut up!
Excuse me,
who the fuck are you?
Driller Bill, asshole.
I'm trying to help her.
Well, that just got fucked
sideways, didn't it?
Heh...
All right. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Watch the coat.
So nice of you
to join us, Jane.
- Quite nice indeed.
- To seek counsel.
Sit.
You can't do this.
You're making a big mistake,
Hammerhead.
Hey!
Ooh. Ah.
Don't mind her.
She's harmless.
Karen?
Cliffie?
You're human now?
Don't ask me
to explain it.
I think it works...
kind of.
What happened to you?
Oh, well.
Turns out weddings aren't
really a thing around here.
Haters.
Actually, what the all-fuck
are you doing here?
I'm here for Jane.
- Really?
- Mmm-hmm.
Is this like some grand
romantic gesture or something?
You're really going
the extra mile here, Cliffie.
You're in her head.
That's deep.
Oh, no. I'm here for Jane.
She's in a lot of trouble.
She needs my help.
This isn't you trying
to win her back?
No, this is...
me trying to fix a big,
dumb mistake that I made.
You know she's never going to
give you what you want, right?
She'll never give you
what Dougie and I have.
What do you and Doug have?
Everyone's afraid
to be normal.
All these bitches.
But they don't know.
They don't know.
No need
for the unease, my dear.
We are all sisters here.
I'm sensing you feel lost.
And this feeling makes it hard for
you to return to the surface.
We cannot help you...
But we can
guide you, however...
You must
do the work...
You need to replenish.
You need to go deeper.
Go to the Well.
- The Well...
- ...is the answer.
- That is all.
- Go.
- Deeper.
- To the Well.
But I...
You're following me?
I was in the neighborhood.
- I swear.
- Whatever.
They... She... Whatever that
thing is in there, it's nutters.
Goodbye, Penny.
The Well? Seriously? Was Russian
Roulette not an option?
What do you want? Why are you here?
Fuck it, why do you care?
If you don't go up,
it's only a matter of time
before they ask someone like me.
And? What's the problem?
Look at you! You're not exactly
a bleeding endorsement.
'Cause it sucks up there.
It's chaotic.
You don't know who to believe, or what
to believe, or when to believe it.
So, take a break.
Go back to the lake.
Anything.
But don't go to the Well.
- Miranda was looking for answers, too.
- I'm not Miranda.
Point is, they told her
the same thing.
The Sisters want everyone
to go to the Well.
It's a bad idea.
So come with me.
Strength in numbers.
You know I can't do that.
I stay clear of danger.
I run. That's my job.
Exactly. So, fuck off.
Hey, you can't keep me here.
You cooled off?
Come with me.
- Where are you taking her?
- Up your ass, maybe.
I meant what I said, Cliff.
She's not worth it.
You're wrong.
Hey! Why does
she get to leave?
I'm the one whose actually
trying to help here, Hammerhead.
Son of a...
Jane!
Jane.
Jane, are you still mad at me?
I'm sorry.
I really am.
It was stupid.
Hello, Cliff.
It's me, Penny.
Penny Farthing.
Penny.
Hey, what happened
to your, your...
- Stammer?
- Yeah.
Only when I'm on the surface.
Comes with my...
general anxiety.
Listen, Jane's in trouble.
Or rather, she will be
if we don't get to her in time.
She's right there.
- Sorry?
- Turn around.
Oh, that's not Jane.
Well, it is,
but it isn't.
That's a memory.
They're everywhere down here.
I'll be surprised if you haven't
walked through a few already.
Yeah, I know.
I'll explain.
Anyway, the real Jane
is going to the Well
and we've got to stop her...
...before she does
something completely stupid.
Ow!
What are you waiting for?
Come on.
Hey.
Oh.
Yeah.
I get you, dog.
I get you.
This is getting old, Jane.
Is it?
'Cause I kinda like it.
All right, let's go.
Let's go.
Sweet, sweet baby.
Come to me.
The fastest way to get
around in the Underground
is through memories
like this one.
They're everywhere.
Deeper you go, darker they get.
Sometimes the darker memories
are stuck to the nicer ones.
You never know.
The mind is a crazy thing.
To review, class,
the primary cause of the Civil
War was Abraham Lincoln.
Faced with such
a godless leader,
the poor southern farmers
were forced to band together
to keep their farms
from nationalization.
Okay.
That does not sound right.
Is that Jane?
Not exactly.
Kay Challis.
Care to join
the rest of the class?
I'm not Kay.
My name is Miranda.
Who's Miranda?
She was a primary.
Like Jane.
Now, Kay, we've been
over this time and again.
My name is Miranda.
Shut the door. Shut the door.
Shut the door.
I need you to close your eyes.
Why?
Because behind this door is
what's left of Miranda's station.
Where she used to live.
Shut the door. Shut the door.
Is that supposed to mean
something to me
because I didn't even know
that there was a Miranda
until five seconds ago.
Trust me.
Shut the door. Shut the door.
Shut the door.
Shit.
Shut the door!
Ugh.
Told you not to look.
What happened to Miranda?
She threw herself in the Well.
What's the Well?
"What's the Well?"
Only the last place in the
Underground Jane should go.
Which is why
we have to stop her.
If the Well is so dangerous,
why does Jane wanna go there?
Because The Sisters sent her.
It's where they send everyone
bloody fool enough
to go looking for answers.
It's why I don't
look for answers.
Jane.
Cliff.
The Robotman.
Hammerhead told me you met.
She tell you
she grabbed my junk?
Hammerhead doesn't
kiss and tell.
I don't get it. Why is this
memory buried so deep?
This is good.
For you maybe.
For us, it was the beginning
of everything going sideways.
I don't understand.
You gave her hope.
You're going to find
people who will see you and accept you,
people who will love you
just as you are.
What if I can't?
Then I'll be a father to you
just the same.
You don't wanna be my father.
Why not?
You're nothing like my father.
What was he like?
No.
Don't shut the door on all
the good work we've done...
Fuck your door!
I'm trying
to help you.
Jane.
Jesus Christ, Cliff, really?
Jane, I'm sorry.
I told you to fuck off,
Penny, remember?
Hey, Jane.
- Wait. Wait.
- Stop touching me.
Stop.
I didn't ask you to be here.
Just hear me out.
All of this is my fault.
I never should've
pushed therapy on you.
Rita said that it probably
wasn't even my idea.
There was a rat
in my nutrient tank.
Cliff.
I guess what I'm trying to say is,
come back, you're scaring us.
Thank you.
I've been waiting for you
to say that.
I really, really needed that.
- Really?
- Fuck, no!
Get out of my head, asshole.
You need me.
Fuck you.
I mean that.
Seriously?
Is this you being serious?
So this is it?
You're just gonna
chuck everything away?
I'm trying to help you.
Sweet, sweet baby Kay.
Jane.
Please don't keep me waiting.
Hey.
Where did you go?
You don't belong here, Cliff.
I know about the Well.
I know about Miranda.
These aren't your secrets
to share.
They belong to the Underground.
I can bloody well share
what I want.
Please.
If you're really
my friend, leave.
You're on a table
in the Chief's lab.
All of us are worried sick
about you.
Come back.
- I can't.
- Why?
Because I don't see the point
in going back.
I know you wanna be the hero.
But you're in my head
where you don't belong,
and I am begging you.
You wanna help me?
Yes.
Go home.
Oh...
Sweet,
sweet, sweet, sweet baby.
Sweet, sweet baby Kay.
Who comes
this way?
Jane.
Jane?
I know of no Jane.
Come closer.
The Sisters sent me.
Yes.
The Sisters.
Goodbye, Jane.
You may pass.
Sweet,
sweet, sweet, sweet baby.
Please don't keep me waiting.
I don't understand you, Cliff.
Why let her go if you were
just gonna follow her anyway?
What was I supposed to do?
Pick her up and carry her?
I tried that, didn't go well.
So I'm giving her space.
Isn't that what you all want?
What?
This is as far as I go.
I don't go looking
for the darkness.
That is not my job.
And there's nothing
but darkness ahead.
Who's memory is this?
Oh.
This is where
it began, isn't it?
Kay, I don't know
who you need me to be.
I don't know if I'm
supposed to feel happy.
And you...
You're perfect.
I know you're a memory,
but I don't know
where to turn.
Or who I can trust
or if I can.
I'm trying,
but I don't
know if I want to try anymore.
Sweet, sweet baby Kay.
There you are.
Come.
I haven't finished
my puzzle yet.
Finish it later.
Come, my sweet baby,
before Mother returns.
That's my good girl.
Bye-bye.
I smell a man.
No man can pass.
Hello?
What's your name?
I'm here for Jane.
Ahhh! Oh!
Damn it.
No man can pass.
No!
I'm here for Jane.
No man can pass.
I'm not a man.
Hi, Daddy.
I don't know what happened.
I'm gonna be better.
Oh, God. What did I do?
I'm a monster.
Cliff,
you're a fucking monster.
Are you a ghost?
I'm not a fucking man.
All I want to do is cry.
My brain is free from release.
I'm so angry.
You're not my family.
I'm a robot.
I'm a brain.
It's not my fucking life!
I'm not a man.
I used to be.
I was a different person then.
A lesser person.
You are no man.
This no man
can pass.
No one to tell.
Nowhere to turn.
No one tells.
Tell no one.
Jane?
Sweet baby.
No one tells.
Sweet...
Tell no one...
Sweet, sweet baby.
No one...
Come to me.
Tell no one.
Nowhere to turn.
No one to tell.
No one tells.
No one... No one tells.
No one.
- No one.
- Jane?
Come on, let's go home.
Jane!
Whoa!
Sweet, sweet baby.
Come join me.
Jane, what the hell is that?
She's mine.
You can't fight Daddy.
Nobody can.
He's too strong.
Oh, shit! That's your father.
Sweet, sweet baby.
Listen. Listen to me.
That's not him.
This is you.
That's not your father.
This isn't even real.
It's all in your head.
- No!
- Fuck you!
Jane, wake up! Jane, wake...
Jane, run.
Oh, no!
Whoa!
Jane, save yourself. Just run!
No, stop it!
Not him.
Stop it! Stop it!
You destroy everything!
I will not let you
destroy him!
I hate you!
I hate you,
you filthy disgusting man!
I am not afraid of you!
I am not afraid!
Sweet, sweet...
No!
Welcome back, Jane.
Give her some room.
What the hell happened here?
Long story.
What happened in there?
That's not my story to tell.
The good thing is she's back.
And I think she's better.
Sweet, sweet baby.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org